Add new order ratio being added to 8.0.0 (#16871)
pingcap/docs: releases/release-8.0.0.md

| [`tidb_enable_fast_create_table`](/system-variables.md#tidb_enable_fast_create_table-new-in-v800) | Newly added | Controls whether to enable [TiDB Accerates Table Creation](/accelerated-table-creation.md). Set the value to `ON` to enable it and `OFF` to disable it. The default value is `ON`. When this variable is enabled, TiDB accelerates table creation by using [`CREATE TABLE`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-create-table.md). |
| [`tidb_load_binding_timeout`](/system-variables.md#tidb_load_binding_timeout-new-in-v800) | Newly added | Controls the timeout of loading bindings. If the execution time of loading bindings exceeds this value, the loading will stop. |
| [`tidb_low_resolution_tso_update_interval`](/system-variables.md#tidb_low_resolution_tso_update_interval-new-in-v800) | Newly added | Controls the interval for updating TiDB [cache timestamp](/system-variables.md#tidb_low_resolution_tso). |

> | [`tidb_opt_ordering_index_selectivity_ratio`](/system-variables.md#tidb_opt_ordering_index_selectivity_ratio-new-in-v800) | Newly added | Controls the estimated number of rows for an index that matches a SQL statements `ORDER BY` when there are `ORDER BY` and `LIMIT` clauses with filter conditions that are not covered by the index. The default value is `-1`, which means to disable this system variable. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`tidb_opt_ordering_index_selectivity_ratio`](/system-variables.md#tidb_opt_ordering_index_selectivity_ratio-new-in-v800) | Newly added | Controls the estimated number of rows for an index that matches the SQL statement `ORDER BY` when there are `ORDER BY` and `LIMIT` clauses in a SQL statement, but some filter conditions are not covered by the index. The default value is `-1`, which means to disable this system variable. |
```

> | [`tidb_opt_ordering_index_selectivity_ratio`](/system-variables.md#tidb_opt_ordering_index_selectivity_ratio-new-in-v800) | Newly added | Controls the estimated number of rows for an index that matches the SQL statement `ORDER BY` when there are `ORDER BY` and `LIMIT` clauses in a SQL statement, but some filter conditions not covered by the index. The default value is `-1`, which means to disable this system variable. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`tidb_opt_ordering_index_selectivity_ratio`](/system-variables.md#tidb_opt_ordering_index_selectivity_ratio-new-in-v800) | Newly added | Controls the estimated number of rows for an index that matches the SQL statement `ORDER BY` when there are `ORDER BY` and `LIMIT` clauses in a SQL statement, but some filter conditions are not covered by the index. The default value is `-1`, which means to disable this system variable. |
```
